[Doc Feature] [Update core task module docs with dialog terminology, usage][2956875] (#7853)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/tabs/how-to/using-teams-client-library.md

Starting with version 2.0 of TeamsJS, the Teams platform concept of [task module](../../task-modules-and-cards/what-are-task-modules.md) has been renamed to *dialog* for better consistency with existing concepts across the Microsoft 365 developer ecosystem. Accordingly, the `tasks` namespace has been deprecated in favor of the new `dialog` namespace.

> The new `dialog` capability is split into two subcapabilities: `dialog.url` for HTML-based dialogs, and `dialog.adaptiveCard` for Adaptive Card-based dialogs. Functions used for communication between an app and its dialog have been moved into the `dialog.url` subcapability (as these only ever worked for HTML-based dialogs). For Adaptive Card dialogs, a new function `microsoftTeams.getAdaptiveCardSchemaVersion` has been added to check what schema version is supported by the host currently running your app. If the host does not support Adaptive Cards, it will return `undefined`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new `dialog` capability is split into two subcapabilities: `dialog.url` for HTML-based dialogs, and `dialog.adaptiveCard` for Adaptive Card-based dialogs. Functions used for communication between an app and its dialog have been moved into the `dialog.url` subcapability (as these only ever worked for HTML-based dialogs). For Adaptive Card dialogs, a new function `microsoftTeams.getAdaptiveCardSchemaVersion` has been added to check what schema version is supported by the host currently running your app. If the host doesn't support Adaptive Cards, it will return `undefined`.
```

Reviewer: Global: Change does not to doesn't.
